2019-05-24, 09:00
SIDN-CIRA joint meeting

Present: 
    1. Michael Richardson
    2. Ad Bresser
    3. Julien Bernard
    4. Audric Schiltknecht
    5. Jacques Latour

SPIN update
- Move from kernel space to userspace. People not keen on kernel module as it could crash the gw
- Use external integration eg. ubus
- Bug fixes: block destination per device instead of the whole network. Support dotcircle(?) function. Some ISP will quarantine the connection, so usefull to have a DOTS API.
- Finalize a whitepaper to reach out to CPE manufacturer.
- Cooperation with CNR (https://www.cnr.it/en), Italy, wants to use Spin for local DPI.

SHG
- Investigated moving UCI from iptables to nftables to have better stats, JSON format output.
- Issue with fw3 that uses iptables directly through private library
- SPIN moving to iptables, but still export stats?
  - Ad presents future architecture
  - MCR asks if we can call spind RPC directly (or via UCI/UBUS)
      - Spin based on nodes (cluster of IP addresses). Current API devised to work on nodes
  - currently make nodes based upon traffic. not using facebook, then no facebook node.
  - Audric: Possible to convert MUD -> SPIN profile and apply it on device?
      - Ad: thinking about that, not yet found architecture. Looking into integrating MUD management
  - Collaborate on mud-manager part. Only care about MUD file and generate rules.
  - Discussion about mud-manager/mud-client. Need to work on bootstraping this issue.

Ad to share the architecture document and envisionned API.

Call with the group working on MUD integration in ~3 weeks: June 14th
