Secure Home Gateway meeting --- 2019-06-03, 15:00
WEBEX AT:  https://cira-acei.webex.com/meet/jacques.latour


Present: (please sign in)
	* Marc Blanchet
	* Audric Schilknecht
	* Jacques Latour
	* Michael Richardson
	* Gillian Campbell
	* Lucas Estienne
	* Daniel Innes
	* Andres Nunez
	* Julien Bernard

L-Spark pitch 
	* 20 min. pitch done by Jacques. 20 people in the room. investors.
	* pitched:
		* MASA for IoT-5G devices, integration with ISP (like Telus)
	* next steps
		* eSIM needs a root of trust. don't want to use current CAs ("too complicated")
		* were interested in the DNSSEC root of trust
		* if done by CIRA, then done within CIRA, not the SHG project.
		* other reason: current certs lifetime is 2y, they would like 6 months
		* other problem they have: sign code. Jacques: if linked with domains, maybe used for signing code
		* CIRA projects:
			* DNSSEC/MASA done by CIRA, not this project
			* 

Demo (June 14th)
	* ready? Lucas and Michael: discuss on tuesday

DNSUpdate
	* Michael working on the spec:    https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PWYFrDLks0LpcWHFFemV5HlByxTWzDfl3HwTpohbfVM/edit?usp=sharing
	* 

Project plan
	* Andres to write story with Jacques?
		* Action: create milestones in SHG project and assign tasks/sub-tasks to them

Around the table:
	* Lucas working on MedKit.  MCR wants Lucas to do CI for Comet Server.
	* Daniel worked on DNSMASQ->mud_supervisor.  Not what the project wants/needs from that link.  <INSERT STORY LINK>
	* Andres had meeting with Michael (really useful). Put things into user stories. Break them into smaller pieces.
	* Gillian, meeting was really useful.  Saw Audric's comments on medkit proceedure.  Michael asked for Icon library for documentation and presentations.
	* Jacques did presentation to L-Spark
	* Audric finished first proof of concept for SPIN integration into MUD-Supervisor, MUD-Supervisor to issue JWT to SPIN server.  Then started working on smarkaklink JAVA library. Will continue on that.
	* Julien did not work on SHG past week.
	* Michael was working on DNS spec, Tue/Wed training, smarkaklink step through, diagram with green status. still hoping to finish quickly.
	* Marc: we will get Andres to work on User Stories and Marc will do some documentation on project 



OLD NOTES
Demo (june 14th)
- should be ok. Michael to redo the whole on-boarding/provisioning process
- Lucas to run the demo

L-Spark pitch (June 10)
- use case: L-Spark enabled IoT device connecting back to the SHG using a secure tunnel
- enroll the L-Spark enabled IoT device into the HG real (BRSKI)
- instruct using kaklink with a domain name
- DNSSEC DANE Based automated solution
  1) BRSKI enrollment of L-Spark device into Domain Registrar (SHG MUD-Supervisor)
  2) SHG<->L-Spark do Mozilla WoT API
  3) Windex API used to instruct L-Spark to build VPN towards RFC4025 IPsec target (Windex API)

- Andres: not started. looking for Wed meeting
- Daniel: trying the L-Spark dev kit
- Lucas: handover medkit/CI 
- Gillian working on doc for medkit... doing a template
  Audric and others to review
  Andres to review as a newcomer
- Andres looking for detailed user stories

GITHUB URL: 
- Gillian: end2end architecture diagram (asked by Jacques)
- MCR: write DNS architecture/requirement document for this week meeting
    
NEW BUSINESS:
 * Michael/Lucas (Jacques) to work on dynamic DNS setup.  Tuesday pm
 * Lucas/Andres/Michael/Jacques/Gillian to do a session introducing SHG/onboarding. Wednesday pm

